And we're going to start very simply by in fact adding our date dynamically no all the way in the bottom
in the footer.
We have the date now when I say date.
I mean of course the year when this website was created and I just hardcoded first to 2019 here and
what I would like to do is depending on which year we currently have we're going to showcase that.
Also in the project meaning even if the year is let's say 2020 20 to 25 2015 is a matter we're going
to right away use the javascript core functionality to showcase the proper date.
So in my case I would like to delete the 2019.
And that is going to be my start.
And as you can see in the footer now I have the empty space.
Again just please make sure that your I.D. is in fact as the value for the date.
Now once we have this particular setup then I would like to head over back to AB J.S. first of all let
just write a function by the name of console log and let's write Hello world.
Now the reason why I'm typing in this function is I'm going to head over back to indexation Schimmel
and remember when we had a comment for JavaScript.
So now I'd like to use the script tags and the syntax is in fact following.
So the same way how we used LINQ when we needed to have our style sheet remember we had a link that
relationship as well as where these assets are sitting.
Same we are doing with a javascript where for adjustable we're using these script tags.
So we say script tags then the source.
So this is going to be the path where the file is located.
And yeah this is how we're gonna do it.
So remember we have the app J.S. sitting within the s folder.
So first of all let's not get to the Dress folder and then we have the app.
We save that.
And now if we right click it and click on inspect and instead of looking for the elements we're going
to look at in the console and in the console you should have the hello world.
Now the reason why we're doing that is because I want to make sure that in fact you have connected to
a proper file because there's cases where you do some kind of functionality and you're looking for the
errors because nothing is in fact working but in fact the error is not the code itself it's the fact
that you have not properly provided the path for your file.
So if you're having a console hello world you're good to go and we can start by setting up our date.
Now what I'm going to do is in fact I'm going to add a comment of testing file and I'm just going to
comment this out just for your reference.
All right.
Now first of all let me set up my comments and I'm going to use stars again and I'm going to write set
date and we're going to add some more stars.
So that is going to be our first step by setting up the date and first and foremost I would like to
create a variable and again I apologize guys but this is not a jobs of course.
So I'm not going to go over what this means setting up the variable or anything like that.
All right so I'm gonna be quite swift with my code.
So let's write a variable by the name of date and then we would like to select our I.D..
So essentially the span with the idea of date so I'm gonna write document get element by D.
And now I'd like to provide what would be in fact that I.D. and remember it was date.
Now once we have selected our proper element then we have an option of setting up the in our HMO and
I'm gonna set my inner HCM male equal to a new date.
That is a job script object that we have access to and then we have a method of get full year.
And since it is the method we do you need to use the parentheses.
And now if we're going to scroll to the bottom you're gonna notice that even though in my index HMO
it is nothing therefore a date.
So this plan is empty.
I do have two thousand ninety.
Now the reason for that.
Because when using just and functionality I can just get my current year and inserted in my HMO.
So congrats guys we're done with our first functionality that is in fact setting up our year dynamically
using job script.